applications: nrf_desktop: Handle update images with unaligned size (#10462)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

nRF Desktop
-----------

> * The :ref:`nrf_dektop_dfu` automatically enables 8-bit write block size emulation (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SOC_FLASH_NRF_EMULATE_ONE_BYTE_WRITE_ACCESS`) to ensure that update images with size unaligned to word size can be successfully stored in the internal FLASH.
>   The feature is not enabled if MCUboot bootloader is used and the secondary slot is placed in an external FLASH (when :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PM_EXTERNAL_FLASH_MCUBOOT_SECONDARY` is enabled).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu` automatically enables 8-bit write block size emulation (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SOC_FLASH_NRF_EMULATE_ONE_BYTE_WRITE_ACCESS`) to ensure that update images with sizes unaligned to word size can be successfully stored in the internal FLASH.
  The feature is not enabled if the MCUboot bootloader is used and the secondary slot is placed in an external FLASH (when :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PM_EXTERNAL_FLASH_MCUBOOT_SECONDARY` is enabled).
```

Reviewer: Fixes the doc build failure.
